concordance_check> add hydra
concordance_check> add tempest
concordance_check> add pearl
concordance_check> add swan
concordance_check> add flame
concordance_check> query tempest
concordance_check> query tempest
concordance_check> query hydra
concordance_check> query pearl
concordance_check> query pearl
concordance_check> query hydra
concordance_check> query pearl
concordance_check> query swan
concordance_check> query pearl
concordance_check> query hydra
concordance_check> print
concordance_check> reset
concordance_check> query flame
concordance_check> query flame
concordance_check> query flame
concordance_check> query flame
concordance_check> query swan
concordance_check> query swan
concordance_check> query swan
concordance_check> query pearl
concordance_check> query pearl
concordance_check> query hydra
concordance_check> print
concordance_check> exit
